Perviously on The Secret Life
of the American Teenager...
Look, Amy, you *** facts.
Young men of certain age ***
You can't be *** You're not ***
Come on, don't *** it.
It's not even ***
She hasn't decided *** ,
no matter whose ***
It's ***
Do you know ***
Mr.***
And now ***
I want you ***
But he ***
I lost my ***
I knew that, ***
She's a hooker,***
My dad ***
You ***
Who ***
Ben.
I want a place ***
let me see the ***
Sealed ***
I'll let you ***
If it's Ok ***
Thank you.
Put the little ***
And it'll completly clear your mind.
She'll be here.
I hope so.
I skipped breakfast for this.
Are you sure Grace *** much,
We shall be meeting again so soon?
I mean, maybe it's too soon.
No. I think *** talk.
It's help for me.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, sorry, I'm late.
What's up?
Jack?
It's just that this is the last chance
for all of us to be
together before summer,
so we thought we'd all get together
and, you know, lend our support
before we all go our separate ways.
Our separate ways?
Are you going to football camp?
If you decided to leave
and go to football camp,
you could have just told me.
Is that what this is about?
Jack, I had a few things
to do this morning,
so if this is personal--
You know, even if it is,
we just want you to know
that you have our support
any time you need it, Grace.
- "Our"?
- You know, all of us...
without a birth parent,
because of death.
We all have that in common.
Yeah, and we just figured that
maybe every once in a while
we could get together.
Not this summer, though.
This summer we could just
e-mail or text or something.
So I wouldn't feel alone if
Jack goes to football camp.
I have to go.
I don't have any choice.
And I have to go to Italy.
And I have no place to
go, so I'll be around.
You should go to football camp.
I told you to go to football camp.
- But you didn't mean it.
- Yes, I did mean it.
Then you go to cheer camp.
I'll go to football
camp just like last year.
No. It's not like last year.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I just want to stay at
home with my mom and Tom.
And that's fine.
That's fine.
We all have to deal with
loss in our own personal way.
Maybe yours is by spending
time with your family.
Jack, I'm going to kill you.
Yeah. Although, we did
just want to help you guys.
I don't need any help.
Well, everyone needs help.
Not everyone, but I imagine
you need help right now.
You know, with your dad
marrying an Internet prostitute.
Oh, Grace, not now.
What, baby?
I can help Ben with that.
Me, too.
Meeting adjourned.
I second that.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You ready for the last day of school?
Yeah, except for
sending my boyfriend off
to the oral sex capital of the world.
Amy, that's ridiculous and you know it.
You know you can't go with
him when you have to work.
At least I'll get to sleep in.
I really need some sleep.
If you don't have school,
then you have to go to the
church nursery and work.
You're not limited to after-school
hours during the summer.
That's not what you
were thinking, is it?
- Yeah.
- Come on, Amy.
You have the whole
day, and you owe them.
Hey. Dad said to give
me a ride to school.
He's taking the scenic
route to work on his bike.
Yeah, he told me.
He could have dropped you off,
and then come back and gotten his bike.
What happened to the idea of you and
your father being self-sufficient?
The road to hell and all that?
I'm just happy that
he's responsible enough
not to put you on the back of his bike.
George?
George Juergens?
The one and only.
Do we know each other?
You've been served.
Have a nice day.
www.1000fr.com presents
Capture:·ëÎµ
Sync:VinE
S2E06
Did you see the yearbook?
No.
Well, they gave them out in homeroom.
I was late.
Here, I have yours.
Where were you?
Where I always am
and will always be--
the nursery with John.
Well, look at the annual.
Tell me what you think.
I think I did a really good job.
I'm especially proud of my
write-up on the drama club.
How did this get in here?
I don't know.
Someone took a picture of you
and then put it in the layout.
She means how did you
let it get in there?
I don't have the power to veto anything.
And why would I?
I mean, freshmen never
get showcased like that.
Madison, are you--
Now I'm going to be remembered
for the rest of my life
as the pregnant girl.
Well, but you--
Don't want to be remembered
as the pregnant girl.
Of course not.
You're not helping.
All anyone is ever going
to remember about me
is that I was the pregnant girl!
You couldn't have stopped them
from putting that picture in there?
I don't know.
I kind of thought it was a good picture.
That's because we don't just think
of her as "the pregnant girl."
No, of course not.
I mean, she's our best friend.
Did you tell her you're going
on vacation with me this summer?
We'll tell her after.
How's the new place?
I got it all cleaned up
and I'm just about all moved in.
Tonight's the first night
I'll be staying there.
I know. Want me to come over?
I can tell my parents I'm
staying at Grace's house.
I don't know, Adrian. I'd kind
of like to get settled before--
Before?
Before I have any company.
I'm not company, am I?
Besides, I want to give you
a proper housewarming present.
We'll see.
- "We'll see"?
- Yeah, we'll see.
What does that mean?
It means we'll see.
I thought you got your own apartment
so we could have a place to be alone.
I got my own apartment because I'm
a responsible guy with a kid now.
I'm serious.
- Yeah.
- I am.
Why are you laughing?
Don't laugh at me.
I'm sorry.
It's just that you sound so earnest.
And that's a bad thing, being earnest?
No, but, look,
even a guy who's earnest
about being responsible
and taking care of his son wants sex.
Let me come over tonight.
We'll see.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
It's okay.
I told you, it's okay.
- I'm over it.
- Yeah, but it's not okay.
I'd rather hang out all summer with you.
But you can't.
He has to go. Sorry.
You told the coach I
didn't want you to go?
I had to have a reason.
You don't have to have
a reason not to go,
because you should go to football camp.
You're the captain of the football team.
And you should go to cheer camp
because you're a cheerleader.
I don't want to go to cheer camp.
I don't want to be a cheerleader.
I just don't feel like cheering,
and I might not for a long time.
Grace! Today's the
deadline for signing up.
You have to go.
It's the rule.
It's not the rule if I quit.
Oh, don't quit, Grace.
We want you there.
It's not for another few weeks.
You'll feel better by then.
And if I don't?
Then go anyway,
because if you don't--
I know.
You're quitting cheerleading?
Have you ever seen a
cheerleader in mourning?
I don't know.
See? This is something
we could have discussed
in the meeting this morning.
Are there cheerleaders in mourning?
You're really getting on my
nerves. You know that, Jack?
Buongiorno!
What's so buon about it?
Looks like somebody's about to head
off to Italy with a sour attitude.
Yeah? Well, you'd have
a sour attitude, too,
if you knew your father
was engaged to a prostitute.
We're going through this again?
I thought we decided that
Betty is just a well-built,
worldly woman with
questionable fashion sense.
We did.
But this morning I got an
independent confirmation
- that she is a--
- A lady of the evening?
- I like her.
- We know that.
I can't just go off and
leave her with him, can I?
Are you sure he doesn't know?
Yeah, come on. I mean,
he slept with her.
- He knows. He's not--
- Neh. Be careful.
It's my dad you're talking about here.
And I don't think that he knows.
No. He-- He can't know.
He thinks she's a court reporter.
- If he doesn't know...
- You have to tell him.
Betty is the first woman he's had
feelings for since my mom died.
If I tell him, it could kill him.
But if you don't tell
him, she could kill him.
I'd like to be killed like that.
Shut up, Henry.
This is so not the conversation
anyone wants to have with a parent.
Before you talk to him,
you should talk to Betty.
- Because?
- Because she might not be around
after he talks to his dad.
And she might have some pointers
that might come in handy this summer.
Are you sure she's a prostitute?
You'd better make sure.
Or I could do that.
You know what?
I need Amy.
I need to talk to Amy.
Did you see her picture in the yearbook?
So what's going on?
You probably know report
cards are coming out.
Yeah. They usually do
at the end of the year.
Well, there's some things on yours
you won't like very much.
Like what?
Am I failing a class?
I'm not failing a class, am I?
Or classes?
No, you're not failing.
You're incomplete.
Incomplete like I have
to do some more work
before I can get my report card?
More like incomplete
so you're going to have
to go to summer school
to complete the year.
It's not that bad.
Your grades are good.
This is just a matter of completing
the required coursework to
move on to the next year.
And I have to do that in summer school?
You don't have to do a full day.
And you really just have
to finish a class or two.
Well, is it one class or two?
It's three.
- Three?
- I'm sorry.
Your teachers understand your situation,
but they can't let you slide
because they understand your situation.
- George?
- What? Yeah?
How long you been there?
About two seconds.
Oh. I figured it was longer.
What's that?
Oh, nothing.
Anne served me with divorce papers.
I'm sorry?
Is that a question?
Well, the two of you are
living in two different homes,
and she is seeing somebody else,
and she is pregnant.
Your point being?
This can't be a surprise to you.
In fact, I'm actually surprised
that the divorce isn't final already.
Yeah, it's been moving
slowly for a while,
but this really picked up the pace.
But this is so fast and so final.
Divorce usually is.
I'm not sure I want it to be final.
I was hoping she hadn't
put that ring he gave her on
because she wasn't sure.
She's sure now.
She is having his baby.
Yeah.
She is, isn't she?
George.
What? I don't know.
What does that mean?
I lied.
Hey, hey. I was looking for you.
I wanted to make plans for tonight,
and I have so much to tell you,
and it's my last night here, you know?
Yeah, I know.
So you want to just say good-bye now?
Uh, Amy, I-- I wanted to
take you out somewhere.
I don't feel like it.
Well, then, I--
can I come over?
It's okay.
Please don't make me
feel guilty for going.
You don't have to feel guilty.
I couldn't go even if I could.
I have summer school because of John.
Because of Ricky.
Okay, because of me.
I have incompletes in half my classes,
so you're off the hook for never wanting
me to go with you in the first place.
So go, Ben.
Go and have your fun while I stay here
and have the worst summer
anyone has ever had.
Let me come by tonight.
I'm going to be gone
for almost three months,
and I'm really going to miss you.
I'm going to miss you, too,
but I don't want to make too
much of a big deal out of this,
so let's just say good-bye now.
Good-bye, Ben.
Have a nice trip.
I can't just leave it like that.
I can't just leave with
a "Have a nice trip."
I'm sorry, Ben, but
it's all I can give you.
I know you deserve more.
I know I deserve more,
but right now that's the best I can do.
See ya.
I don't want you to
remember me like this.
I don't want you to show it
to people in Italy and say,
"That's my girlfriend,
the pregnant girl"!
- Hey.
- What do you want?
- What?
-What do you want?
Tonight is my first
night in my apartment
and I want to have John stay with me.
Oh, is this something
you and Ben cooked up
so we could have our big good-bye date?
Because it's not happening.
We just said good-bye.
No, it's not something
Ben and I cooked up.
I just want to have my son with me
when I spend my first
night in my apartment.
It's a big deal for me.
It's a big step I'm making,
and I'm making it because of John.
So I thought it'd be
nice to have him there.
It's always about you, isn't it?
No, it's not. What's with you?
I can't go anywhere
or do anything anyone else is doing
because I have a baby, our baby.
And I have summer school and work,
and my boyfriend is going
to Italy for the summer,
and-- and my parents
are getting divorced,
and my mother is having a baby.
- That's what's wrong with me.
- Oh. Sorry.
But I think your mom's happy
about the baby and the divorce.
And she's with a really nice guy.
And who cares if Ben's going to Italy.
He'll be back.
And maybe he'll grow up a little.
But he's not going to have sex,
so don't even worry about it.
You know he loves you.
And you're lucky to have a job,
and you're lucky you're only
having to go to summer school
and you didn't drop out
or lose a year of school.
And did you mention
the yearbook picture?
Lighten up, will ya? School is out.
Come on, let me take John tonight.
I baby-proofed the whole place.
I've got a crib, I've got everything.
Please?
-All right.
-Thanks.
I'll come by after I
get cleaned up from work.
I heard about Amy
going to summer school.
She has to go to summer school, right?
That's already all over school?
I can't discussed another
student's work, but--
I mean, I know I missed
a week when my dad died,
but I didn't think I fell
that far behind, did I?
No, not at all.
You don't have to do summer school.
If this is about my
quitting cheerleading--
You're quitting cheerleading?
That's not what this is about?
No.
Yeah, I am quitting.
I'm in mourning.
It's kind of hard to be cheerful
when you're in mourning.
I understand.
Losing a parent is...
I don't know what it's like.
I still have both my parents.
Then I guess you can't be
in our dead parents club.
It's Jack's idea.
All right, well,
I actually have some good news for you.
You've been accepted into the Young
Healers summer training program.
Young Healers? I don't
know what that is.
The immersive pre-pre-med
training program.
You applied for it.
No, I didn't.
You got in.
Oh. My dad.
I remember him mentioning
something about it.
He probably put in an application for me
because I wanted to go
to cheerleading camp.
But now you're not going
No. And I'm not going
to medical camp, either.
I don't want to go anywhere
or do anything this summer.
It's an incredible opportunity.
If you change your mind,
you'll be living, studying,
and working with
doctors and med students
at an actual teaching hospital.
It's for students who have shown a
desire to pursue a career in medicine
so that they enter college with the
strongest medical background possible.
And I got in?
You got in.
You and one other student.
Jason Treacy. Lauren's brother.
Yeah, well, that's-- that's
good, I guess, for him.
I understand with
everything that's happened
this would be too much for you.
It's a tough program.
Just think about it.
Thanks.
I don't think I'll do it, but thanks.
Hey, Grace.
I heard we're both going off
to be doctors this summer.
Oh, I don't know, Jason.
I don't think I can.
Well, uh...
hopefully they'll offer it
to you again next summer.
But Grace, I don't think they do that.
This program's really hard to get into.
It's kind of a once in a
high-school lifetime opportunity.
I know.
I'll look forward to hearing
all about it from you.
Have a great summer, Jason.
Are they here yet?
They just pulled into the parking lot.
What kind of client shows
up hours late for a meeting?
Really special clients.
Well, they better be.
I could have used two
more hours of sleep.
Hello!
Hi. I'm Anne Juergens.
I guess you know David.
Hello, sweetie. Oh!
And I guess we do know David.
- Don't we, Randall?
- Yes, we do. Yes.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
You didn't tell her?
No. I didn't want her to run away.
Didn't tell me what?
Anne, it's my pleasure to
introduce you to my parents.
This is Randall and Eunice Johnson.
David has told us so much about you.
It's so very nice to meet you.
So very, very nice.
Well, it's a very nice
surprise to meet you, too.
Although, I don't know why
anyone would want to surprise me, David.
Getting all packed for summer vacation?
Hi, Ben.
Actually, no.
Getting packed for the rest of my life.
I won't be working here next year.
On what grounds?
They have no reason to let you go.
I mean, sure, you got too involved in
your students' personal lives, but--
But I'm leaving on my own.
I just had a baby.
This job doesn't pay enough
to support a growing family.
Not to mention a growing
family's mother-in-law.
Being a parent isn't easy.
Yeah, tell me about it.
I don't know what to say.
I mean, I don't know
what I'm going to do.
You've helped me through so much.
I don't know how much I actually helped.
No. I mean, really, everything.
Amy, the baby, Amy.
I wouldn't have Amy
if it weren't for you.
I can't do anything about
the summer school, Ben.
No. Really, that's not why I was here.
I just came by to say thank you.
Didn't know I was going to have
to say thank you and good-bye.
You're welcome.
And thank you.
For?
An interesting year.
Hey, uh...
while you're still here,
do you mind if I ask for
one more piece of advice?
Shoot.
Should I tell my father that
he's engaged to a prostitute?
I like it a lot.
How'd you get in here?
Well, after being threatened by
some woman with a meat cleaver,
a guy in the back, Danny, let me in.
I have to get to work.
I don't have time to play.
Fine.
Why don't you get to work.
And then, when you're
all finished with work,
I'll be here waiting for you.
That sounds like a very
attractive proposition,
but I can't.
Wait. What do you mean you can't?
I can't.
After work, I'm picking John up.
He's going to spend
the night here with me.
Wait. John's going to be sleeping here?
He's going to be the one you choose
to be with your first night here?
Amy agreed to it.
So that's what you meant
when you said, "We'll see."
Yeah, and that's why I have a crib
and diapers and bottles and
everything else he needs,
because he's my son and I'm his father.
I have to get to work and
you have to get off of my bed.
I liked having sex in my bed.
That's over, Adrian.
I can't come over there anymore.
I'm either going to be over
at Amy's or here or downstairs.
That's my life now.
You don't want me to be
with anyone else, right?
I guess.
You said you didn't want
me to be with Ben or Jack.
Did I?
Yeah, you did.
And I don't want you
to be with anyone else.
I don't want you lying to me,
telling me that you're over at
Amy's or that John's over here
when you're really
with some other woman.
I guess you're just
going to have to trust me.
More of Dad's things?
Yeah.
The church was gathering some
donations for the homeless.
Did you know about this?
Did you get accepted?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah. Your dad told me.
He was applying for you.
You don't have to go,
but I know he'd be proud you got in.
I can't just go and leave you and Tom.
Honey, we'd be okay.
You know we'd be okay,
Grace, if you want to go.
We would miss you, but we'd be okay.
Why is this so easy for you?
How can you just pack up his
things and leave them on the curb?
It's too soon, Mom. It's not right.
I'm not just leaving your
dad's things on the curb.
I'm just doing what he would
do if he were still here.
I'm donating clothes he didn't wear.
Okay, and maybe some that he did wear,
but someone could wear these clothes.
Grace, your father
was such a giving man.
All he ever thought
about was helping others.
And he would be so pleased to know
that you were thinking
of going into medicine.
Not that you have to go to
that program this summer.
You don't have to go
if you don't want to.
You are so much like your father.
No matter what you choose
to do with your life,
you'll end up making
the world a better place,
whether that's in
medicine or some other way.
So do what's right for you this summer.
Go there, stay here,
go to cheerleading camp,
whatever you want.
But live your life,
Grace. Live your life.
Because that's all any of us can do...
is go on living.
Okay.
- Trouble in River City.
- What?
When I was taking the garbage out,
I saw Adrian parked on the street,
and she's headed this way.
So don't say I didn't warn you.
I called to you. You didn't hear me?
Uh, what?
Look, I would have
knocked on the front door,
but I saw you going
up the driveway and--
I'm sorry. Did you say something?
I...have an ear infection.
That's my dad.
Did you want to speak with him.
Hi, George.
Long time, no see.
What brings you to
this neck of the woods?
I like this neck of the
woods, whatever that means.
Spying on Ricky. Is that it?
No, I'm not spying on Ricky.
Ricky's at work. He's
at the butcher shop.
Oh, and he just got an
apartment over the butcher shop.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Bad news for both of us, huh?
- How so?
- Too much privacy.
Speaking of which, are
you selling your house?
Are you moving back in with your wife?
-Why would you-- Where would you--
- I heard she's with child.
Everyone's heard she's with child.
- So?
- So...
I heard it's your child.
Where would you hear
something like that?
It's the word on the street.
You're hanging out on the wrong street.
I got my pipes replumbed.
The kid's not mine.
And why would I move in
with my soon-to-be ex-wife
to raise another man's baby?
Because you're lying about that,
about your pipes.
It's your baby.
Grace?
Look, don't blame her.
She just lost her father.
She can't keep a secret like that.
- Not right now, anyway.
-I know, I know.
But that's no reason the two of us
should be talking about my inner workings.
All right, here's the deal.
My parents are kind of
getting back together.
They're not getting married,
but they want to live
together like they are married.
- Really?
-Yeah.
You heard about that, right?
No, I didn't hear about that.
Oh. Yeah. So forget about my mom.
All right. And sell us your house.
The condo is way too small
for the two of them and me.
And Ricky?
Ricky. Ugh.
Hey, I don't know what
you've got against Ricky,
cause *** now.
She's right.
You are Ricky, and it's gone too far.
You know, you have to tell Mom.
I don't know if there's
anything to tell her.
We really can't be sure about anything.
Then tell her that, because right
now she's sure you cut your pipes.
I know, I know.
Eventually, Amy's going to
know I'm covering for you.
I'm lying, Dad. I hate lying.
You wouldn't believe the stories I've had
to spin to keep your little secret a secret.
And I thank you for that.
Oh, don't thank me.
I wasn't doing it to
make your life easier.
I was doing it so you could figure
out whatever you need to figure out,
and then let Mom know what's going on.
So let her know what's going on.
It's time to come clean and be a man,
because if you won't be a man, I will.
I'm going to be a man.
I just...have to figure out when.
What's gotten into you?
What's gotten into you? Divorce, Dad?
Look, I get the whole being separated
and living next door thing, I really do.
I mean, this has been an
adventure for both of us,
but, God, a divorce when
you know it's your baby?
- I don't know. Not for sure.
- Yes, you do.
And a divorce is officially
sending Mom on her way
and pushing her to another man
she might not want to be pushed to
if she just had that one very
important piece of information
that the baby is, or could
be, or is most likely yours!
Dad...
I know I'm all over the
place and mixing metaphors,
but I'm angry.
I mean, she's still my mother.
And while I enjoy playing with the emotions
of really emotional people like her and Amy...
I don't want to see
Mom actually get hurt.
Please tell her.
Please.
Almost ready to go?
I'm not going anywhere.
I mean, I'm not going
over to Amy's, anyway.
We said good-bye today at school.
That's how she wanted it.
Well, that's too bad.
I mean, I know you're
going to miss Amy and John.
Yeah.
I'm going to miss you, too.
I'll miss you,
but it's only for a few months.
And you'll have Betty here
to keep you company, so.
You really love her, don't you?
Of course I do.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be marrying her.
Well, I guess I'll
see you in the morning.
Wait, Dad.
Betty's a prostitute.
No, she's not.
She is, Dad.
I know you don't want to hear it.
I don't even want to
say it, but it's true.
Betty is a hooker.
No, she's not.
- Dad--
- She's not a hooker.
She's not a prostitute.
She's just Betty.
She used to be a
hooker, or a prostitute,
or whatever it is you want to call her,
but she's not anymore.
She's just Betty.
Wait. You knew?
Yeah, I knew.
She told me before we slept together.
She's been honest with me all along,
and that hasn't been easy for her.
She tried to tell you, but she
couldn't find a way to say it.
So you're not worried
that she may be just--
After my money?
I don't think so.
That's not who she is.
And I know the whole
"hooker with a heart of gold"
is kind of a cliché in the movies,
but this is my life.
And what can I say? I really love her.
And let me tell you something, Ben.
I loved your mother.
I knew her most of my life,
and I loved her most of my life.
And I'm going to love her
for the rest of my life.
But loving someone who isn't
around anymore is very painful.
And Betty makes me happy.
I've smiled more since I met her than I
have in all the years since your mom died.
It still hurts,
but it hurts a little
less because of Betty.
- And her past--
- Is her past.
She put it behind her.
I put it behind me.
And I hope you could do the same.
People know, you know?
Yeah, well, I don't let people
make my decisions for me.
Never have, never will.
And don't worry about Amy.
It'll all work out.
Yeah, maybe.
Good night.
Good night, Dad.
I love you, son.
And, uh, thanks for letting
me know what I already knew.
Any time. I love you, too.
Sorry.
I thought you were
flying for a few days.
I caught the deadhead flight.
And I figured I'd have rather spend my
free time at home than in some hotel.
And I, for one, think
you made the right choice.
Okay, you two.
Ricky's busy tonight,
and I've got no place else to go.
- And you're not--
- Busy with Ricky?
He's got John over for the first time.
It's his first night
in his new apartment.
Aw, that's sweet.
Well, sit down.
Come have dinner with us.
No, I don't think so.
I'm just going to go to my room.
No, you won't.
Come have dinner with us.
You hungry?
Kind of.
Sit down.
Tell us how your last day of school was.
Yeah. Tell us what plans
you have for the summer.
I don't really
have any plans and--
No, I can't sit down.
This looks like a dinner
for the two of you.
It's a dinner for the
three of us, right?
Come on.
Sit down. We're a family.
What?
Well, um, we just heard you
made an offer on a house.
And?
And...we'll see.
Yeah, I get a lot of that.
To the three of us.
Para mi familia.
Gracias.
I tried to keep him
awake until you got here,
but I couldn't.
How long has he been down?
About 15 minutes.
Where's your mom?
She drove up to see the house
she and David are
renovating with his parents.
-They're going to be late.
-All right.
Well, I guess he can
sleep over another night.
He'll probably wake up in an hour or two
if you just want to wait.
You look tired.
Long day.
Okay.
Well, you should get some rest.
I was going to, but if
you're not taking him...
I don't want to wake him up, do I?
No.
It's probably not the best idea.
I could sit in here and
wait for him to wake up
while you sleep in his room.
I don't mind watching him
so you can get some rest.
Really?
Ben's not coming over?
Then go on.
I got it.
You go get some sleep.
I am kind of tired.
Yeah?
Anything else going on?
Everything else.
Ben leaving for the summer
and my parents breaking up,
summer school, work.
Don't forget about the yearbook picture.
Yeah.
Even though I don't like
that picture of me, it's--
it's kind of funny that
John got in the yearbook.
Yeah.
That's a good way to look at it.
That's a good way to look at life.
When everything else
is bad in our lives,
at least we got him, huh?
good night.
Just *** wakes up.
Hi. You made us coffee.
I figured that was the least I could do
for you and Dad driving
me to the airport.
Uh, I-- I heard that
you heard that I'm--
Not a court reporter?
Yeah. Yeah.
That's a nice way of putting it.
I mean, you know, I'm a lot of things,
or I was, but...
Yeah, I'm not a court reporter.
Listen, Betty.
I think you're great.
I really do.
And if my dad is happy, then I'm happy.
Yeah. He's happy.
I think he's really happy.
Happiest man on earth.
Really? You mean that?
I mean that.
Maybe at the end of summer,
we'll fly over and pick you up.
Really?
I would like that.
Ben, do you mind if I
give you some advice?
About Bologna?
No. No, no.
That's-- That's your business.
But, you know, whatever you do,
just remember that being honest and sharing
your true feelings with the person you love
is the most important thing you can do.
You can't be dishonest
with the person you love
and expect the other
person to honestly love you.
I think what
she's saying is--
That I need to stop on
the way to the airport?
What's going on?
When I said we'd talk
first thing in the morning,
I meant after I had a
shower and had breakfast.
You're not breaking up with me?
No. Jack, no. I love you.
Oh, thank you.
I know I can be an idiot sometimes,
but I love you, too.
And you know, football camp,
it's right here.
Well, not right here, but near here.
And I can come see you every night.
I will come see you
every night, I promise.
Jack, I'm not going to be here.
That's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
I'm going away to this
program for future doctors.
My dad sent in an application,
and I decided to go.
So you're not going
to cheerleading camp?
Well, let me see. What's
better for my future?
Cheerleading camp or a medical program?
I'm going to go with
the medical program.
It's the extensive medical training
program for high school honor students.
I was really lucky to be chosen.
Wow. Congratulations.
"Extensive" means
you'll be gone how long?
Pretty much the whole summer.
And when do you leave?
Monday.
So all we've got is this weekend.
No, this is the weekend,
so we've got today and tomorrow?
Well, we have part of today
because I have to run
some errands and pack.
And then tomorrow I have church,
and I want to spend some
time with my mom and Tom, too.
- What?
That.
You're beautiful.
Your smile--
That's the first time
I've seen your smile
in a long time.
I can't help it.
I just feel like my dad
wanted this program for me
before I even knew that I wanted it.
I feel like he's looking
over me or something.
I'm going to miss you, Grace.
I'm going to miss you, too.
But the good thing is we'll see
each other at the end of the summer.
Wake up, sleepy-head.
It's still dark out.
- What time is it?
-  Time to get on the road.
What do you mean?
You remember how we
talked about buying an RV
and hitting the road
and seeing the world?
-We talk about a lotof things.
- Yeah, sure.
But do you remember
that one in particular?
Ugh, you didn't buy an RV, did you?
No, of course not. I rented one.
We can pick it up this morning.
You can't see the world from an RV, Dad.
Not from here.
I mean, the continental
United States, sure.
But the world?
The RV can take us to any
airport in the country.
And from there, the world is ours.
You start high school next year.
And after that, I figure you won't want
to spend any time with your old man.
What makes you think I want to
spend time with my old man now?
That's very funny. Pack your bags.
We leave in one hour.
We're just going to take off
and leave Amy and John behind?
We'll set up webcams so we can see them
and talk to them both
every night from the road.
Who knows if we'll be gone
three days or three weeks or--
Oh, we are not going to
be gone for three months.
Fine. But however long we're gone,
we don't want John
to forget what Grandpa
and Auntie Ashley look like.
And we don't have to worry about Amy.
She's going to be fine.
She might not always look like it,
but she's becoming a great mother.
-What about Mom?
-What do you mean?
-Did you tell her?
-About the trip?
No. About the...
No. But I'm going to--
Right now.
Oh, the key.
I keep forgetting to get that back.
We need to talk.
About?
Look, George, I know you got the papers,
and you called me and
told me to come over here.
Yeah, that was a nice bit of
recon work by your lawyers.
Look, you can have your lawyer
look them over if you want,
but time is of the essence.
What does that mean?
I'm accepting David's proposal.
And yet, you're not wearing his ring.
No, I'm not. I'm waiting
for you to sign the papers,
and then we're going to get married.
All right, well, before you do that,
- I have something I need to tell you.
- I'm marrying David.
But you might change your
mind when you hear this.
I'm not going to change my mind.
-I'm marrying David.
-Okay, listen, Anne--
I'm marrying David!
Just sign the papers, George.
Please.
You got a pen?
I'll get a pen.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be at the airport already?
I just couldn't leave
things like we left them.
Listen, Amy, I don't
want to head off to Italy
if you're not going to be
here for me when I get back.
I love you.
Ben, of course I'm
going to be here for you.
I love you, too.
After yesterday, I--
I really wasn't sure.
I'm so tired all the time
that I hardly even know what I'm doing.
I'm sorry. Really, I am.
It's okay.
I just don't want anything
to ever come between us.
Hey, enough has happened to
us that hasn't come between us
that anything else
that gets thrown at us,
it'll be a piece of cake to deal with.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Some little boy wants his mommy.
Oh, I see how it is.
Ben, no.
It's not what it looks like.
I hope not, because
what it looks like is--
It's not.
Listen, I, uh-- I'd better get
going. I got a plane to catch.
Ben.
Have a good summer.
welcome to www.1000fr.com
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org